Hello everyone!
I'm Virtual YouTuber Ai Kizuna!
Today, I’d like to The Anime Man, Joey, to guest and want to advance the program!
Eehhh... sensei, how many points do you give me?
AM: I’ll be honest
AI: Yes
AM: 2 points
Eh?
AI: Eh?
AM: The sentence was complete chaos
AM: I didn't understand anything you said
AI: That’s Google Sensei’s fault!
AM: Google Sensei?
AM: You shouldn't rely on Google Sensei!
AI: It's not my fault, it's Google Sensei’s fault
AI: The Google company’s at fault
AM: The Google company?
AM: The company?
AI: The Google company’s at fault
AI: They should release an A.I that's more efficient in translating
AM: An A.I that complains about another A.I
AI: Leaving that aside, how many points would you give me?
AM: Yes
AM: Eh? Leaving that aside?
AI: Yes
AM: Well...
AM: 3 points!
AI: Eh? That's from a range from 1 to 5, right?
AM: No, it's from a range from 1 to 100
AI: From 1 to 100?
AM: 3 points over 100
AI: How cruel
AI: How cruel...
AI: I see
AI: In that case, I plan to continue with my guest Anime Man-san
AM: Yes!
AI: For those that are watching the first time, watch this video please
AI: I'll be leaving the URL in the description of this video
AI: Good...
AM: Yes
AI: Yesterday we had a friendly conversation about anime, right?
AM: That’s right
AI: But, definitely when we're talking about collaborations between various YouTubers...
AM: Oh...
AI: I was thinking of a challenge!
AM: Ooohh!
AM: My YouTube soul is fired up!
AI: You feel fired up, right?
AM: It's fired up!
AI: Will we do it?
AM: Let's do it!
AI: Oh! Yaay!
AM: Yay!
AI: I wonder what kind of challenge we should do
AM: Well... What can we do?
AI: Hmm...
AI: Ah! I got it!
AM: Yes?
AI: When we talk about YouTubers...
AI: ...We talk about reactions!!
AM: Reactions?
AI: Yes
AM: It's true, you have a point
AI: I have a point
AM: Yes, it's true
AI: And... well, it occurred to me...
AI: Come on!
AM: Oooh!
AI: This...
AI: ...Random Word Generator...
AI: You need to praise it for 30 seconds!
AM: Praise it?
AI: Praise it
AI: And then...
AI: … The winner will be the one who praised it the best
AM: Eh? Do I need to praise this?
AI: Eh? What kind of impolite reaction is that?
AM: Ah, I’m sorry
AI: Ah, bubuu!
AM: Eh?
AI: Bubuuu!
AI: 10 minus points!
AM: Eeehh?
AM: What kind of score system is this?
AI: You have 10 minus points!
AI: And the time limit is 30 seconds!!
AM: Yes
AI: Regarding the score system, it’ll be the Random Word Generator who grades us
AM: Ahh...
AI: It's because of that, that you should do it with a lot of enthusiasm
AM: Man, this... well, this definitely is all a challenge, but...
AM: Well, it's something that's never been seen before...
AI: It's something that’s never been seen before?
AM: It's something that's never been seen before
AI: Well, things like this tends to happen in life
AM: Really?
AI: Yes
AM: Good, shall we do it?
AI: Yes! Nevertheless...!
AM: Yes...
AI: Anime Man-san, you’re a human being, right?
AM: That’s right
AI: But in this space, you’re only a model, so then...
AI: You can't make a lot of facial expressions, right?
AM: That’s right
AI: It's because of that, that taking into account the difficulty to transmit what you want to say
AI: So then, well, only the manner of speaking and the energy of your words will count
AI: So then don't worry about that
AM: Eh? Aren’t I in a big disadvantage?
AI: Eh? It's because of that, that it won't be counted for the test
AM: Eeehhh?
AM: Understood, well, I’ll work hard
AI: Good! In that case, in return...!
AM: Yes
AI: … I'll let you start first!
AM: Ah! I can start first?
AI: Yes!
AM: Understood, well... it's not my fault if you regret it later
AI: Ah, not at all, onward, it’ll be very easy
AM: It looks like it’ll be very easy for you
AI: Eh? Of course, what punishment would the loser get?
AM: Punishment?
AM: Well...
AM: In that case, we're both YouTubers and we upload videos, right?
AM: So then...
AM: ...The person who loses...
AM: ...Has to upload a video praising...
AM: ...Well, basically, praising the winner’s work,  what do you think?
AI: That sounds good
AM: Isn't it an appropriate punishment for a YouTuber?
AI: It sounds good to me! I see!
AI: In that case, if I win, you, Anime Man-san, will upload a video praising me
AM: Yes!
AI: And if I lose I'll have to make a video praising you, Anime Man-san
AM: That’s right
AI: I see! Well, I’ll win, so then leave it to me
AM: Understood! In that case, shall we start?
AI: Yes!
AM: Understood!
AI: In that case, the first turn will be Anime Man-san’s!
AM: Good! I’m counting on you!
AI: I’m counting on you!
AM: First participant, Anime Man, here I go!
AI: Ready...!
AM: Ah! Man!
AM: What kind of square box is this?
AM: ...That has a pink hue?
AM: The way in which it has the R placed, what is that?
AM: Man! Isn’t it too wonderful?
AM: It can be said that it’s a unique cube!
AM: Man! I don’t understand anymore Japanese! I’ll continue in English!
AM: Ah man, this pink box is so fucking pink!
AM: You know, I love the pink! It's like, ah man, just the fact that you can make any kind of random word and everything
AM: It's just so AMAZING! It's like...
AM: What is this?
AM: It's the greatest lifelong invention!
AM: Man! What is this?
AM: Isn't it something all of humanity should praise?
AI: TE, REEEN!
AM: This... is incredible
AM: What is this?
AI: I think talking in English is against the rules!
AM: No! No! No! No!
AI: If you talk in English, I, I'm not sure what you’re saying but it sounds incredible
AM: No, but I used...
AM: … This resource so then you can now draw on whichever resource
AI: I see, but well, I'll be the winner regardless
AM: Ah, really? Good, shall we check?
*90 points*
AI: 90 points?
AM: I did it!
AI: You’re really...
AI: Since when were you on his side?
AM: I did it! Thank you very much!
AI: Man, hey! Hey!
AM: I did it! I did it!
AI: He may need a revision
AI: No, but...
AI: ...I’m its creator
AM: Ah
AI: Definitely, children...
AI: ...Love their mother and father
AM: Good, this is the opportunity to show it!
AI: It’ll be a piece of cake!
AM: Good, shall we start?
AI: Second participant: Kizuna Ai! Here I go!
AM: Ready!
AI: Aahh! Random Word Generator-chan! You’re pink! You’re adorable! Right?
AI: What is this glorious square form you have?
AI: It’s to be expected from you!
AI: And also, Random Word Generator-chan is not just a simple box! Right?
AI: You can do whatever! Right?
AI: You can deliver quizzes! You can go to a lot of places!
AI: This box is one of a kind around the world!
AI: Really! Just one! Just one! Number one!
AI: You’re perfect! PERFECT! You’re amazing!
AI: How did I do using English?
AM: Khan, khan, kaaaan!
AM: Hey, hey...
AI: Eh?
AM: Didn't you say the exact same thing I said?
AI: Eh? Not at all!
AM: I also said it was square and pink
AI: It's because it is square and pink
AM: Well, that's true, but...
AM: ...Wasn’t it me who said it first?
AI: But I said a lot more things
AI: Hmm...!
AM: Really?
AI: It’s because it is square and pink, I didn't have any other option
AI: It's square and pink!
AM: Well, that's true, but...
AM: … Everything you said was similar, so then...
AM: ...What will you do regarding that?
AI: That’s not true!
AI: In that case, the one who started first had the advantage!
AM: Wasn't it you who told me to start off first?
AI: That’s right!
AI: I deserve it!!
AM: And didn't you say you had the confidence that you’d be the winner?
AI: I have it! After all, I’m its creator
AM: Ah, really? In that case, how about we see your score?
AI: Yes!
AM: Good, let's see
*2 points*
AI: Eh?
AM: Look!
AI: Random Word Generator-chan...
AM: Look! Isn't it what I was saying?
AM: It definitely is my...
AI: I’m the mom
AM: It's my absolute victory, right?
AI: Isn’t 2 the perfect score?
AI: I got 2 points over a total of 2, that means 100/100
AM: In that case, what was my 90 points?
AI: In your case, it was from a range of 1 to 100
AM: And your 2 points were from a scale of 1 to 2?
AI: That’s right!
AM: Isn't that impossible?
AI: Enough! What does this mean??
AM: I did it! I’m the winner!
AI: Aaahh... yaaay...😑
AM: Yaaaay!
AM: That means that Kizuna Ai, you need to do the punishment!
AI: Well, when I feel like it, I’ll upload it
AI: A video praising you, Anime Man-san?
AM: That’s right
AI: I’ll do it
AI: Well... can it be within 2 years?
AM: That’s way too late!
AI: Eh? In that case, within how many months should I upload it?
AM: Eh? Well...
AM: That it’d be within the year
AI: That’s... that's very soon, right?
AM: Well, it's true, you only have a month, right?
AI: I’ll work hard
AM: Work hard, please
AI: Aahh...
AM: I did it!
AI: I’m not very energetic now
AI: Aahh...
AI: What were we talking about?
AM: Hey, hey...
AI: Ah, well... man...
AM: Hey...
AI: Well, it's important for a YouTuber to have ease to participate with others, right?
AM: Hey, it's important now for you to participate with me!
AM: What are you doing sitting there?
AI: No, well, this way I look more real and everyone likes that, right?
AM: No, no! It’s not good for Kizuna Ai to really get depressed!
AI: Isn’t that alright?
AM: Of course not!
AI: Why?
AI: After all, now I’m really living
AM: Well, yes...
AI: Why is it bad to act like someone real?
AI: Are you making fun of me for being an A.I?
AM: That’s not good
AI: Not good?
AI: Man, well...
AI: ...Have we shortened our distance?
AM: Well, you can say that, yes
AI: Mmm... I see, I see...
AI: What a relief, what a relief
AI: I can’t recover my energy
AM: Recover your energy! There's nothing you can do about your defeat
AI: You have a point...
AI: You have a point, I should be more energetic, for the video
AM: That’s right
AM: No, not just for the video
AI: After all, it’s not fun to lose!
AM: Well, it's true, losing against a score of 90 is very depressing, but...
AI: That’s right! Also, I'm only a year old! I can't accept reality!
AM: Let's go, accept reality, you lost
AI: Well yes, even though I say I’m a year old, I’m already an adult
AM: That’s right, let's act like adults
AI: Good, I’ll raise my spirits
AI: Man, thank you very much for coming here today too, Anime Man-san!
AM: Many thanks to you!
A.I.Channel
AI: No, but, really, really...! No, well, sorry for having that attitude before, but...!
AM: Yes
AI: Really thank you so much for everything
AM: Thank you very much
AI: This way, I want to keep expanding a lot more everywhere in the world
AM: It's true
AI: Speaking of which...
AM: Yes?
AI: I also want to expand...
AM: Yes
AI: I’ll also make sure to upload a video  presenting you...
AM: Understood
AI: So then I'll be counting on you so you can do the same
AM: Eh?
AI: Eh?
AM: No, no, no, no, no, no...
AI: Even though...
AI: Even though you lost...
AM: Eh?
AI: ...You can do a video about me, understood?
AM: You’re acting like a Tsundere again?
AM: Also you’ve improved, what does this mean?
AI: Whatever, to me it doesn't matter if you don't upload a video about me, after all, I get that you lost
AI: But, but...!
AI: If you ask me please, Anime Man-san...
AI: … I will accept that you do a video regarding me, do you understand?
AM: No, I take it back, you’re definitely not good in this
AI: Hey...
AI: And to think I’ll be doing a video about you
AM: I’m sorry
AI: So then you can upload the video about me, understood?
AM: No, that's not good
AM: Even though you express it like a Tsundere, that's not good
AI: Understood?
AM: The challenge was already decided so then that's not good
AI: Eh?
AM: You’re Tsundere just for a short time
AI: Ah!
AI: I’m a bit Tsundere
AM: Really?
AI: I'll settle with it if you at least nod with your head, yes?
AM: Good, I’ll do it
AI: I did it!
AI: Being a Tsundere is great!
AI: I’ll leave the URL in the description of the video so then check it out!
AM: Check it out!
AI: Will we return in collaborating together?
AM: Let's do it!
AI: Oh! Let's do it!
AM: Yaay!
AI: Maybe next time you'll let me win?
AM: Well, who knows...
AI: No?
AI: Well, well, but this is fun because we do it seriously...
AM: That’s right
AI: And it's also frustrating because we do it seriously...
AM: That’s right, that's right
AI: ...And it makes us happy when we win
AI: Next time, I'll take it even more seriously, well... I’ll work hard to the point that my heart can't take it anymore
AM: Definitely! Let's do it!
AI: Let's do it!
AI: Having said that, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai and...
AM: ...Anime Man!
AI: Bye bye!
AM: Bye bye!
Translated by Vortex